Once you set up your survey the next step is to share it out and get responses on and I'm going to show
you three ways that you can do your survey and get responses even if you don't have an audience.
What so ever.
So to send out your survey you can come up and click on send.
And the first that way you can send the site is by e-mail.
You can just type in some e-mail addresses directly here and send it straight.
If you want if you have an e-mail lists and you're using an e-mail marketing tool like MailChimp you
can just write an e-mail.
Tell your audience you know the benefit of filling the site.
Paste that link in and send not directly from MailChimp or whatever email marketing service you're using.
But what if you don't have an audience Bill.
Yes.
What can you really do.
Well what I would recommend is that you start to look and think about what are the contacts that you
already have available to you.
And one thing that you can do is go ahead and export your contacts from Gmail or Yahoo or whatever email
service you are using for your personal mail.
Now I went ahead and did this recently and I was shocked to see that I had over 800 e-mails in my gmail.
Now am I saying that you should go ahead and just spam everybody in your inbox with your survey.
No I'm absolutely not saying you should do that.
What I am saying is once you export your Gmail contacts you're going to get an excel sheet full of all
of your contacts.
And I would go through one each person one by one and say you know what would this really help them
or would they even know somebody that they could forward this on to and I guarantee you're going to
get 10 to 15 people at least out of your contacts that you can send the e-mail directly to.
Now where else might you have e-mail addresses just from your normal connections that you've made for
Linked-In is in other place and you can export all your connections from Linked-In.
Again this is going to produce a huge Excel sheet full of people's names first name last name and e-mail
address.
It's like having your own email lists before you even have a Web site or anything.
So once again I'm not saying you should spam everybody I'm saying you probably have people in your contacts
already on Gmail or Illington that you can send survey directly to.
And if not you're going to have at least one person who knows where you should be sending this e-mail
to maybe they know certain Facebook groups etc. you should post in.
So that was the first way to share your survey e-mail.
Now there is one important point that I want to stress by e-mail and that is the subject line.
You can see by default here the subject line is I've invited you to fill in a form.
Now how many people do you think are going to open that if they see that in their inbox.
Probably not and they're not even going to they're just going to skip on over the mail and won't even
read it.
So that's why the subject line is so critical for e-mails because if they don't click to open your e-mail
they're never going to click the link to fill out your survey so you must write something compelling
here in the subject line.
Now if you leave this by default that's not going to work.
Even if you change it to something like can you spare a few minutes and fill in my survey.
That's not going to work either.
Why.
Because there's no benefit to the customer or the potential customer.
Can I spare can you spare a few minutes.
What's the benefit for me.
I'm not going to open up sorry.
So you need to come up with something that's going to get people to open.
Now if you have an audience something that I've done before is saying you know I'm creating I'm creating
new courses for you or I'm creating a new course makes it sound even more specific
for you and I love your input so you can see the benefit here is that I'm creating something for them
already and it's going to be a course.
So they know what the product is and it's for them.
I'm just asking for their feedback.
People will happily give their feedback because they want to solve their own problems and they're going
to help you solve their your you know their problems.
So there's a clear benefit for them as what I'm trying to say.
Now another thing that if you don't have an audience how are you going to catch their attention.
Well I'll tell you one subject line that actually caught my attention very recently.
Hey Dara could I try to
solve your problems as an online instructor.
So this was actually an email that just someone sent me and I opened it.
And the reason was because they didn't say Can you fill out my survey.
They said Could I try to solve your problems.
They didn't guarantee that they were going to get that kind of hints at that.
They're gathering some feedback and they specifically said as an online instructor so they had taken
the time to actually figure out what I do and they want to help solve my problems and I can tell you
as an online instructor I have a lot of problems a lot of things that are difficult to do and if someone
can help me with that well then I'm going to open the e-mail.
So that is something that you could easily copy and use for whatever your thing is.
Hey could I try to solve your problems and to become financially independent.
Could I try and solve your problems too.
You know whatever.
With Adobe effects whatever it is you can really copy and paste that in.
And I guarantee you're going to get a lot of people opening your email and responding to it.
OK so that wraps up email as the first way to distribute your survey talked about ways to have an audience.
And if you don't have an audience now the next way to collect responses is through social media.
Again if you have an audience to share the links directly there and if you don't have an audience what
are you going to do while there is the magic of Facebook groups.
So what you want to do is type in your keyword or your topic or your nation here.
So let's just say something like you know financial independence is something I'm interested in and
come across.
And let's look at the groups here so if I had some sort of solution or I was a coach help people become
financially independent I would be posting my survey into these groups and getting some responses from
them.
Now what you can also do is this really works for any different type of needs.
You know the ins doublin vegans there's PIOs of people in these groups.
And remember that you probably have to join the group.
That might take a day or two to get approved and then once you're in the group you just want to have
a look and check out the group rules.
So let's have a look at these for this one.
You know don't give out personal details et cetera.
Let's see let's see.
So you want to read these rules just quickly for any group because you don't want to be banned from
the group or you don't want to kind of upset the atmosphere that they've created in there.
So some groups for example they only allowed you to post links on a certain day.
And so you just respect that and wait for that day and post the survey in then.
So as well as Facebook groups there are also groups on LinkedIn.
So let's just quickly head over there.
And again it's the same thing that you want to do not just put a link to your survey in there and say
fill the site and help me.
You want to say hey guys I'm curious what your biggest problems are as say vegans in Dublin and you
know fill out my survey below.
I'm happy to share the results.
And let's brainstorm some solutions to them.
That's something very positive you're there to help them.
And again you're not just there to really you know get their money and run off into the sunset or whatever
you want to do.
And Linked-In is an opening for me but it's the very same process over there.
Now let's look at the final way that you can go ahead and get responses to your survey and that's to
use for them so all you need to do is once again go to Google type in whatever your need short keyword
is and then just put for them there on up is going to pop up a lot of forums.
This really works for anything you know any different knishes that you have.
You can see there's a lot of them here.
Even you can go into rattus and things like that.
And so forums are just another place that you can post your survey and get responses that people are
right there already.
And so you might not be able to post it into one Facebook group or one Linked-In group or maybe someone
will delete your posts.
That's going to probably happen.
But there are times Tauzin civ groups across all those three methods that I've showed you.
So you are going to get responses to your survey.
And if you just stick with it on a recap we've looked at three different ways to distribute your survey.
Even if you don't have audience e-mail sort of recap we've looked at three different ways to distribute
your survey and get responses even if you don't have a survey.
And we talked about some tips and tricks and in terms of really getting responses and that's your subject
line and the way that you posted into those different social media groups.